# Clickparty
My idea will change the blockchain space and will bring blockchain to the real world.
I have an idea thats worth listening to because I'm not looking to own anything I want everything to be open source and the money thats made I want it to go to the people developing this. 
Basically I had a problem where nobody cared to share my stuff online. It's pretty good content and I realised why its because I dont have any incentive for them to share.So I want to use the blockchain to incentivize people to share other peoples content from link hosting. The idea is to have people get paid monthly from sharing a link(link hosting) with an autogenerated link directing people to subscribe to a subscription service that charges a fee mainly for content creators. When someone click a link host's link that person will have the option to subscribe to a content creators channel or service. The link host will take a cut of what consumer pays from the content creator and anyone can become a link host.  If the consumer subscribes to a content creators channel or service that link host gets a small monthly cut for each consumer they bring in. So if your cut was $1 per consumer as a link host and 10,000 people clicked then subscribed through your autogenerated link with, then you get paid $10,000 monthly. Also if someone unsubscribes the link host then blockchain records that, the link host will get $1 less from each person that unsubscribes. Essentially what you're doing is creating a smart contract for everyone to work together. Theres def more to this but my brain is fried right now but if you see potential in this just reach out to me so I can really share with you over the phone my vision. 
Id like to create a platform like twitch, facebook, youtube and more but it would be a fully decentralized website and we could have our tokens reward everyone with tokens. One day Id like to sell these smart contracts to the big sites such as youtube and twitch so they can adopt our tech. This tech would also automate their system so that these companies wont have to hire so they dont have to have worker they have to worry about spending too much money. 

Let me know if you have questions really.

